performance of juan martín del colro who is confirmed as the best tennis player
argentino not going from 2008 to that point is the only national representative in
this sport of course is that they get into the quarter-final step of a
great slam
and we are talking of course the open of the United States says he
visit torrent tandil with his meter ninety-eight tatis among the great slam
Spain, because Argentines generally like Roland Garros more
but today he does that his preferred candidate and continues to increase his
numbers and their rector in this case dancing the 23rd victory of form
consecutive to who had the other side there is that the youthful and surprising was the
duel and the same generation we are talking about Japanese
kelly michiko for his record as in any case his numbers first you have to
framing distal children if it is very true appears the Japanese the position number 126
arrived on bail highlights the point that in it
previous crossover bugle points about the world number four Spanish
caritas for him started the game badly to such an extent that he lost 3 0 the
first set in front of the Japanese he turned it got firm and then
got the win consecutively followed by the 6 3 by 6 4 6 is that
although now the Scottish number six in the world andy murray
to see if we achieve victory
tours
nicolás did a lot very very eager of the statement of releases percent
I feel a studio in berlin juan verde that start 13 what decided
cancel the goal
shoemaker agencies but the town of him the base with is one of the best games
of role at the moment I can not do
but the most successful to solve around the world
Maria Elena from which the sporting branch through Argentina
acknowledge the problem because it is your control
ni router that's default
good planning so that you understand this I was saying by party nobody
Luis the Argentine basketball player because he had just in the stadium
life what he performances argentinian in another victory juan martín del pony